{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10420\viewh15500\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 13 buses powered in X amount of scenarios:\ulnone \
ALL GENERATORS ON (GPU DESELECTED)\
1. hot bus 1\
2. hot bus 2\
3. backup hot bus\
4. backup ess bus\
5. backup bus 1\
6. backup bus 2\
7. dc bus 1\
8. dc bus 2\
9. central dc bus\
10. ess bus 1\
11. ess bus 2\
12. shed bus 1\
13. shed bus 2\ul \
\
11 buses powered in X amount of scenarios:\ulnone \
BATTERIES AUTO\
APU START W/ BATTERY __ AFTER APU START\
LESS THAN 3 GENERATORS (GPU DESELECTED)\
\
1. hot bus 1\
2 hot bus 2 \
3. backup hot bus\
4. backup ess bus\
5. backup bus 1\
6. backup bus 2\
7. dc bus1\
8. dc bus 2\
9. central dc bus\
10.  ess bus 1\
11. ess bus 2\
\
\ul 11 buses powered in X amount of scenarios:\
\ulnone ELECTRICAL EMERGENCY ABNORMAL\
\
1.  hot bus 1\
2. hot bus 2\
3. backup hot bus\
4.  backup ess bus\
5.  dc bus 1\
6.  dc bus 2\
7. central dc bus\
8. ess bus 1\
9. ess bus 2\
10. shed bus 1\
11. shed bus 2\
\
\
\ul 10 buses powered in X amount of scenarios:\ulnone \
GPU POWER\
APU START W/ GPU __ AFTER APU START\
\
1. hot bus 1\
2. hot bus 2\
3. backup hot bus\
4. dc bus 1\
5. dc bus 2\
6. central dc bus\
7.  ess bus 1\
8. ess bus 2\
9. shed bus 1\
10. shed bus 2\
\
\ul 8 buses powered in X amount of scenarios:\
\ulnone ELEC ESS XFR FAIL\
\
1.  hot bus 1\
2. hot bus 2\
3. backup ess bus\
4. backup hot bus\
5.  ess bus 1\
6. ess bus 2\
7.  central dc bus\
8. dc bus 1(or 2)\
\
\
\
\ul 7 buses powered in X amount of scenarios:\
\ulnone ESS POWER CONFIGURATION\
\
1. Hot Bus 1\
2.  Hot Bus 2\
3.  Backup Ess Bus\
4.  Backup Hot Bus\
5.  Central DC Bus\
6. Ess bus 1\
7. Ess bus 2\
\
\ul 3 buses powered in X amount of scenarios:\
\ulnone COLD AIRPLANE\
\
1. hot bus1\
2. hot bus 2\
3. backup hot bus\
\
\
\ul Further observations:\
\ulnone 1.  hot bus 1 & 2 are always powered unless batt 1 & 2 are dead.\
2.  backup hot bus always powered unless backup batt is dead.\
3.  backup ess bus always powered unless: 1. GPU Selected\
						        2.  during APU Start w/ GPU\
4.  backup bus 1 & 2 are always powered with backup ess bus unless: 1. ess pwr config.\
										       2. elec emer abnorm\
										       3. elec ess xfr fail\
\
}